v0.43 changelog: Labs and Documentation sections (#8400)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-0.43.0.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed `>>>` and `...` from `.. code-block::` directives in docstrings.
```

<h3>Labs: a place for unified and rapid prototyping of research software 🧪</h3>

<h4>Labs Resource Estimation</h4>

> * Added state of the art resources to existing templates: `ResourceSelectPauliRot`,

Author: ```suggestion
* State-of-the-art resource estimates have been added to existing templates: `ResourceSelectPauliRot`,
```

Is it worth using sphinx directives to the individual operators here?

Reviewer 2: Yup, I think so. I'll add them.

  `ResourceQubitUnitary`, `ResourceSingleQubitCompare`, `ResourceTwoQubitCompare`,
  `ResourceIntegerComparator`, `ResourceRegisterComparator`, `ResourceUniformStatePrep`,
  `ResourceAliasSampling`, `ResourceQFT`, `ResourceAQFT`, and `ResourceTrotterProduct`.
  [(#7786)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7786)
  [(#7857)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7857)
  [(#7883)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7883)
  [(#7920)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7920)
  [(#7910)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/7910)

> * Added new templates with state of the art resource estimates. Users can now use the `ResourceQPE`,
>   `ResourceControlledSequence`, and `ResourceIterativeQPE` templates with the resource estimation tool.

Author: ```suggestion
* Users can now do resource estimation on QPE and iterative QPE with `ResourceQPE` and `ResourceIterativeQPE`, respectively. Additionally, a `ResourceControlledSequence` template has been added that allows for estimating resources on controlled sequences of resource  operators.
```

  [(#8053)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/8053)

> * Renamed `estimate_resources` to `estimate`.

Author: Could use more detail here 😅
